                                                                          DOCKER TRAINING README:

Docker training typically covers the following concepts:

Docker Images: These are the basis of containers. An image is an ordered collection of root filesystem changes and the corresponding execution parameters for use within a container runtime. Docker images are built from Dockerfiles.

Docker Containers: A container is a runtime instance of a Docker image. It is isolated from other containers and its host system.

Dockerfile: A Dockerfile is a text document that contains all the commands a user could call on the command line to assemble an image.

Docker Commands: Some common Docker commands include docker build to build an image from a Dockerfile, docker run to create a container from an image, docker ps to list running containers, and docker stop to stop a container.

Docker Compose: Docker Compose is a tool for defining and running multi-container Docker applications. It uses a YAML file to configure services, then uses a single command to create and start all the services from that configuration.

Docker Hub: Docker Hub is a cloud-based registry service which allows you to link to code repositories, build your images and test them, stores manually pushed images, and links to Docker Cloud so you can deploy images to your hosts.

Docker Volumes: Volumes are a way to persist data generated by and used by Docker containers. While a container is running, it can write to a volume as a normal file system. The data in the volumes will survive as long as there is at least one container using it.

Docker Networking: Docker provides networking functionality that allows containers to communicate with each other and the host system.

These concepts are typically covered in Docker training to provide a solid foundation for using Docker in development, testing, and production environments.

The objective of Docker and containers is to provide a platform for developing, shipping, and running applications. Docker enables you to separate your applications from your infrastructure, allowing for fast, consistent delivery of applications, responsive deployment and scaling, and the ability to run more workloads on the same hardware. Containers are lightweight and portable, allowing for the creation of standardized environments for development, testing, and production. They can be run on a developer's local machine, physical or virtual machines in a data center, or in cloud providers. Docker uses a client-server architecture, with the Docker client sending commands to the Docker daemon, which carries out the heavy lifting of building, running, and distributing containers. The Docker daemon communicates with other daemons to manage Docker services and can communicate with more than one daemon. Docker Desktop is an easy-to-install application for Mac, Windows, or Linux environments that includes the Docker daemon, Docker client, Docker Compose, Docker Content Trust, Kubernetes, and Credential Helper. Docker registries store Docker images, with Docker Hub being a public registry and users being able to run their own private registry.

The objective of Docker training in the context of updating the README file content is to provide the necessary knowledge and skills to effectively use Docker and containers in a project. Here is an example of how you might update the README file with Docker-related information:

Objective: This project uses Docker to containerize the application for easy deployment and testing.

Prerequisites:

Docker installed on your local machine

Getting Started:

Build the Docker image by running the following command in the project directory:

docker build -t yourusername/foodtrucks-web .

Run the Docker container with the following command:

docker run -d -p 5000:5000 yourusername/foodtrucks-web

The application will now be accessible at http://localhost:5000.

Note: Make sure to replace yourusername with your Docker Hub username.
